[Autogenerated] Now I understand a little bit more about sight sight, really.
Let's have a conversation about the building associate ID with a due
West Direct Connect Firstly with air to Esther,
it connect.
There's no minimum fee.
You only pay for what you use.
You be charged for Paul Hours four hours of based on your connection type,
whether it's a dedicated connection or hosted connection provided
by a foot by on the capacity of that connection.
So, for example, is that one big part or 10 big part that you've purchased,
like a site site connection.
You'll also be charged for outbound data transfer on
just like site site connection.
This will incur per gigabyte fee if you go for dedicated connection,
the maybe additional cost to connect you from your on
premise into the car location for silly.
If you go for hurting connection,
the maybe additional fees incurred if the horse that
connection provider has to put their equipment into your
data centers for dedicated connection.
Most regions have consistent pricing the exceptions Japan,
where they have different park collection fees.
He'll have examples of long gig and 10 big part fees
for any region that isn't Japan.
So if we purchased a direct connect connection in the U West too,
we asked for a wounded part on that part was up 30 days.
How much would it cost us again?
If you do the mess around that he should work out $216 for the 30
days when working out outbound data transfer costs.
The cost will be dependent on the sauce.
A dress region on the direct connect location you've chosen.
You are building a dollar per gigabyte basis on his example.
If you're in the U and you've chosen eh quinyx as your
direct connect location provider and you're transferring
data out often you based region,
then it would cost you about two cents per gigabyte.
So if those factors in place and we're transferring out 500 gigabytes per month,
how much would that cost us?
Well again, if you do the maths that should work out around $10 in this example,
then the data transfer out is much less than the park
connection fees we saw on the previous slide.
But you might be transferring out much more data than this.
And don't forget,
these costs will change if Instead of transferring
data out of any you best region,
we'll try and transfer the data out of a enough America region. These figures would go up.